Hello there.
Welcome to this UI UX design course.
My name is Jacqueline Ansari.
That's a UI UX designer, and I'll be your instructor for today.
I hope you enjoy the course as you move along with me.
So today we'll be doing a very simple design of a web interface.
You're going to be getting our design from our design inspiration from dribble, and then we'll bring
it into our figma to design.
Today's to that will be using will be figma.
Yes.
So I already have my file created.
If you have your figma, you open it and then you make sure you create a new file.
So to get started, I go to dribble.
I already have my inspiration down.
So this is what we'll be designing for today.
So this design is by Lire Zeit by John Jarboe, and the name of the design is n e.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to copy the image into Figma so I don't have to like keep
switching back and forth as I design.
So I copy and paste it here in Sigma.
Yeah.
So there we have it.
Then I start my design.
So to get started, I have to create a frame for my design, right?
So I click on the frame too.
Or you can just use the shortcut f on your keyboard to activate the frame options and then you select
your.
Your frame option from the list that presents.
So I'm going to select.
440 by 1024.
That's the industry standard for any design, any web design.
Sorry.
So yeah, so that I have is ready to go.
So I just I have my frame now.
The next thing to do is I rename my frame.
So I'm just going to rename it to what's, what should I do a landing page because this is a landing
page.
Okay.
So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create a grid for my page so that I follow along.
I follow along as I design, I like to design with a grid to guide me so I don't go into certain areas.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to select my layout grid option here.
Then I click on this square thing here, then click on the options, select columns and set my margin.
I'm going to set my margin to 80 pixels.
Yeah.
So that's good enough for me.
Okay.
I mean, lower it a bit so it doesn't interfere my design as I move along.
Good.
Okay.
So I have my grade ready to go.
The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to design the now bar in case you don't know whether or
not bar is that thing at the top here where you have the logo and then the menu options or the menu
items and then the search bar and then a button update.
Okay.
So.
Let me zoom in to us to see our design.
Well.
Oops, I forgot something.
So before we start designing, we have to.
Okay.
No, I didn't forget anything.
So we are going to design now by the next thing we are going to do is we are going to design a number,
which is what we see here.
If you can see my mouse where it's pointing and it keeps moving.
Okay.
So since I don't really have this logo, I'm going to create a I'm just going to put a simple text logo
there and then we move along.
Okay.
So yeah, so I click on T in the toolbar, just T on my keyboard using the shortcuts.
And then to create my logo.
Let me just as well as any.
Right.
So.
And Cups.
Mrs..
I gets an interesting.
Once they make this as big as possible by increasing the font size.
But he doesn't look to be bold.
Okay.
This looks good enough, so I guess I'll just stick here and make it a big bowl.
A big.
Okay.
So this looks good enough.
So I guess I'll just maintain this text and make the size of it bigger.
A bit bigger.
Okay.
So I have this.
Yeah.
Okay.
So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create the menu options or menu items that we see.
So we have about us the mode gauges, the buy a home refinance and then we have the button and the search
icon.
The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create the menu about us.
Oops, I have to change the phones I like.
I really love to use Gilroy as I move along.
So let me first type about us.
Change your properties.
You're right.
Yeah.
Make it smaller.
I think 20 is a bit too small.
And make this very bold.
Okay.
Let's set into 20.
22 looks fine and she looks fine.
So I duplicate this by.
So I have my first test done.
I'm just going to duplicate the others.
This by selecting the text and then pressing and holding command D to create a duplicate and then using
my mouse move my duplicate away so I have my duplicate.
So now I rename it to mortgages.
My mortgage.
Then.
Duplicate again.
Very name to buy a home.
And then duplicate again.
Move to.
Refinance.
So I just evenly distributes my things up here by going here, selecting this, and then just clicking
on tidy up.
As you see, it's distributes the space between them evenly for me.
So all I have left to do is either to increase if I'm okay with the space I have between them or reduce
it.
So with this, I think.
I think 60 is okay for me.
60 is okay for me.
So.
Yeah, let me push you here a bit.
Okay.
It looks a bit censored.
It may reduce.
The colour intensity.
So from 100 to.
70.
So my.
A bit too dark for me because the 80.
All right.
So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create the apply now button up here.
So to do that, I have to select my rectangle in the toolbar menu.
So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to create the Apply Now button.
To do that, I have to select the square in the toolbar up there and then draw.
A rectangle here.
On my screen.
Okay.
As you be.
It's bigger.
Okay.
So let me set the height to 60 and then width to 180 and then I round the corners.
So I set the corner reduce to.
Betty.
Then I change the fill color.
But that will cut out to black.
Your black.
Yeah.
So now I have my rectangular shape.
The next thing I have to do is create the text inside my shape.
So selecting the text.
I click on the shape and then I type apply now.
Okay.
So now I have my text.
The next thing I have to do is make sure that text is centered both horizontally and vertically in my
button.
So I'm done with that.
Now, the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to go to both the text and the shape after grouping
it.
I'm going to renew my group to Button's button.
Sorry.
Okay.
So the next thing I have.